In order to forecast the result from our
model, we need to specify confidence
intervals on which we want our model
to present in upper and lower bound for
the forecast.
A confidence interval gives us
an interval within which we expect our
forecast to lie.
For example, assuming the forecast
errors are in correlated and
normally distributed then
a 95% confidence interval for
our forecast tells us that we
expect the actual results for
our forecast to fall within
the confidence interval 95% of the time.
Our forecasting models will
not be able to predict exactly
what each future period will result in.
This is why we set confidence
intervals to give us a feel for
where our data may fall
in forecasted periods.